docs: add more detail about reviewing image promotion PR (#2680)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/developers/releasing.md

  - `export GITHUB_TOKEN=<your GH token>`
  - `make promote-images`

This will automatically create a PR in [k8s.io](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io) and assign the CAPZ maintainers. Example PR: https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/pull/4284.

> For reviewers of the above-created PR, to confirm that the resultant image SHA-to-tag addition is valid, you can check against the Google Container Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reviewers of the above-created PR, to confirm that the resultant image SHA-to-tag addition is valid, you can check against the [staging repository](https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/k8s-staging-cluster-api-azure/GLOBAL/cluster-api-azure-controller?rImageListsize=30)
```

To be consistent with the wording above

Author: done

> For reviewers of the above-created PR, to confirm that the resultant image SHA-to-tag addition is valid, you can check against the Google Container Registry.

Reviewer: should we make it clear that this isn't a required step for review given that the SHA is auto-generated by `kpromo`? If the tool ever produces a PR that has a SHA mismatching the tag that would be a bug, not human error.

Author: What if someone ran `make promote-images`, then later on before the image PR is merged, found out that the release was tagged to the wrong commit, deleted the tag, then re-created against a new commit?

Reviewer: fair :)
